feat: make the folder configurable (#508)
shuttle-hq/shuttle: resources/static-folder/README.md

Add `shuttle-static-folder` to the dependencies for your service. This resource can be using by the `shuttle_static_folder::StaticFolder` attribute to get a `PathBuf` with the location of the static folder.

An example using the Axum framework can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/shuttle-hq/examples/tree/main/axum/websocket)

``` rust
#[shuttle_service::main]
async fn main(
    #[shuttle_static_folder::StaticFolder] static_folder: PathBuf,
) -> __ { ... }
```

### Parameters
| Parameter | Type | Default  | Description                                                        |
|-----------|------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | folder    | str  | `static` | The folder relative to the crate root to make a static folder for. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| folder    | str  | `static` | The relative path, from the crate root, to the directory containing static files to deploy |
```
